SCENE: A group of solider gathered around. It is a bull-session. The subject under discussion: The Tiger Division of the Korean Army. The soldiers are engrossed. One, a lean, tanned GI pushes back his beret, squints into the darkness and looks out to see a mountain of burning embers.
 
**Download File > [https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0ST8](https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0ST8)**


 
Since 1965, the Tiger Division has stabilized security within their area to an impressive degree. The TAOR itself has expanded from 1,400 to 3,600 square kilometers. As of mid-June the Tigers had killed more than 9,000 enemy, captured nearly 3,000 and counted over 4,500 defectors, as well as seizing nearly 4,000 weapons, all this since their arrival in Vietnam. All this leaves little room for doubt about whom historians will count as the true elite of Vietnam combat. In the ranks of the VC and NVA, mention of these ferocious Korean gladiators brings shudders to the comrades. Even as he fights those from North Vietnam and the Viet Cong, the Tigerman knows that he has full command of his body and of his mind. When he is faced with hand-to-hand combat, he need not only rely on the ferocity of his rifle to equalize the score. He can hammer out punches in machine gun rapidity or swing a full flogging kick with sufficient powerful force to gain the advantage. When a man is trained in karate, or to be more specific, taekwondo, he is ahead of the game and the Viet Cong, that crap-shooting armada of insurgent forces and the crack North Vietnamese troops who come to do battle, know full well that the Tigers with their taekwondo as well as armaments are tough men to beat.
 
The legacy of military Taekwondo lives on in Viet Nam and is a well-known martial art. There is an abundance of video documentation of Taekwondo being practiced in Viet Nam and by the Vietnamese military even in the 60s:

The above is a very simple synthesis of rudimentary grappling technique used to stuff an attack, snare it up, and immediately put the enemy into a compromising position before landing a devastating blow. This is the type of tactic that you would find in other military programs such as LINE and MCMAP. Yet this remains in the Kukkiwon syllabus, even as a skill attached to the poomsae!
 
The military roots are not just in the techniques, but in the traditions and etiquette of Taekwondo practice. That much is fairly obvious to anyone. Students are required to be in uniform, properly and cleanly worn, patches in order, belt tied properly. They must fall in line according to rank, standing at attention or at ease, responding in military fashion to commands made by a higher ranking individual or an instructor. In traditional Korean dojangs the Sabum (master instructor) often acts more like a drill Sargent, whereas the Kyosa (licensed instructors) and senior students do most of the actual corrections and in-depth instruction. Punishment results in push-ups. Classes are heavily structured. Hierarchy is strictly adhered to, and lower ranks must bow to higher ranks upon first contact in a day in the same way a soldier must salute. Just about any Taekwondo historian will attribute this structure to military influence, whether Korean or Japanese. Karate in Okinawa, before it became Japanized, did not have this military structure. Nor did Chinese chuan fa (kung fu), a direct ancestor to both Karate and Taekwondo.
 
The mixing of the traditional with the modern and the foreign have been a consistent source of fascination for me, as a waegukin (foreigner) living in Seoul. And so this official video of an excellently produced version of Les Miserables by the South Korean military hit home (from the official Youtube channel of the **Republic of Korea Air Force)**:
 
This video is emblematic of my experiences here in taekwondo, which is used in the Korean military. While it is a daily 90-120 minute class of grueling militaristic training, there are some exercises that initially seemed to be a peculiar amalgam of tradition and Westernization.
 
Needless to say, I am absolutely transfixed at a rigid Confucian society making way for jaw-dropping creativity such as these. Especially for taekwondo, I like to imagine that such rigidity might have caused someone to snap and just do it to K-pop. Great fun.
 
1. The Army World Class Athlete Program (WCAP) supports and guides nationally ranked Soldier-athletes who compete and succeed in the Olympic and Paralympic Games, while maintaining military careers and promoting the U.S. Army to the world. WCAP was established to provide Soldiers of world-class caliber with the opportunity to train full time for national and international sports competitions leading to selection and participation with United States national teams, while maintaining their military specialties. Soldiers selected to participate in the program serve in this assignment at the discretion of the Army and may be released and reassigned from the program at any time based on the needs of the Army.
 
2. In furtherance of this mission, only Soldier-athletes who meet the criteria below will be considered for admittance into the program. Any athlete applying to the WCAP who fails to meet the criteria should expect to have their application denied. Furthermore, merely meeting the entry standard does not guarantee admittance into the program. The standards laid out are the minimum for consideration of a potential applicant.
 
3. Soldier-athletes who meet the standards below are deemed athletically qualified for entry into the Army WCAP and will be considered for acceptance in to the program for the 2024 Summer Olympic Games at Paris, France and the 2026 Winter Olympic Games at Milan Cortina, Italy
 
Well this is some proof that Taekwondo was a military martial art meant for serious combat including killing. Taekwondo grew up in the military where it developed further self defense techniques over time. It was primitive back then but still got the job done, now days it has developed into way more crisp movements and precise movements. Unfortunately, much of the serious nature of Taekwondo as a martial art has been lost due to pop culture and a politically correct mindset that watered down much of Taekwondo. But in the dark corners of the Taekwondo world there are still Taekwondo instructors and fighters like all of us who love Taekwondo and train for realistic combat and self defense.
 
I would say I do not 100% agree with you that TSD was simply just a sport style. I do not think as a martial art Taekwondo has seperations from military to civilian. The martial art is a martial art, whether it is practiced by civilians or military. ITF does not have any extra or special things above the Kukkiwon technique wise. They are their own system and style which has different ideas than South Korean Taekwondo (Kukkiwon).
 
The names whether Taekwondo or Taesoodo being used is irrelevant since it is all Taekwondo and combined into Taekwondo of what we have today. It was all the same style that simply went through a name change.
 
I cannot give General Choi 100% credit for Taekwondo, he had his part but he did his own thing and annoyed many of his associates who asked him to serpate in an honorable manner and gave him permission to leave and start ITF full time while KTA stayed in Korea developing further without him.
 
Trye Choi is given credit as creating the name TKD, which is a very fine name we can all be proud of. Of course there is some critics who say it was his assistant who found the words TKD and suggested it to Choi and Choi simply took full credit, but that is up for debate. Creating a name is not the same as creating a combat style itself.
Taekwondo was created by a lot of people at one time and it is great since no one can really dictate what we have to do. The Kukkiwon has a board of directors who vote for things. ITF seems to be a dictator type control of what will be allowed and it caused in fighting and now there are over 3 groups all claiming ITF and even filing lawsuits to each other.
 
ITF had some good forms I like like hwa rang, Kwan Gae etc. I just dont practice it the ITF way with sine-wave because I think sine-wave is nonsense. Also the early way of ITF was also kind of sloppy and less crisp movements but over time people have performed them very strong and clean. So I guess ITF really did try hard to leave the Karate roots.
Kukkiwon seemed to keep the Karate roots in the way they move but have further developed the stances to be more smaller and narrower which could be seen as leaving Karate roots, but still the movements in many forms are directly from Shotokan Karate.
 
What is cool is the very early forms seemed to be identical to Shotokan and some were mixed moves from Shotokan put into 1 form. So you can see parts of forms many Japanese Karate styles practice inside Pal Gwe forms. And the even earlier forms seem to have multiple shotokan moves into 1 form just places all over. It is very cool.
 
1) You do realize that no historian or scholar gives credit to that urban myth. That was started when GM Son Duk-sung! who was formerly a close associate with Gen. Choi, parted ways. Gen. Choi was responsible for pushing him out of the Chung Do Kwan & replacing him with Sgt. Uhm Woon-Gyu in 1959. This was after Gen. Choi did not allow him to be on the historic 1959 Military TKD Demo Team which traveled to perform in Vietnam & Taiwan. Apparently GM Son told this story to some of his students on how he thought of them name & gave it to Hen. Choi at the meeting. This has no basis in fact & one even has to consider that GM Son wrote 2 books, using the Korean karate label in the title & never mentioned this in his own books or in any interview he ever gave! Historians, scholars, investigative journalist & other reporters have all conducted research & interviews of people there & have put that rumor to r