
 
The significance of third-party funding (TPF) (also referred to as litigation funding, third-party financing or legal finance) in international arbitration has become axiomatic during the past decade, even if its nature (and very definition) remain as contested as the procedural and regulatory initiatives that have accompanied its growth and development. Indeed, it is difficult to identify another dimension in the field of international arbitration the progression of which has been more consequential for the practice of international arbitration during this period than TPF. This is a function of many variables, including, but by no means limited to:
 
**Download File ✦ [https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SS4](https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SS4)**


 
It should also be noted that the purpose for which TPF is defined can affect the definition itself. For example, a descriptive, socio-economic definition of TPF is not necessarily the same as a legal definition of TPF.
 
Before considering the more general aspects of TPF, its regulation and its effects on arbitral proceedings (which apply to M&A arbitrations as well as to other forms of arbitration), we highlight some of the particularities of TPF in M&A arbitration.
 
M&A arbitration indicates the arbitration of disputes relating to mergers and acquisitions, generally arising out of, or in relation to, the underlying transaction documents. Typically, those disputes arise between a seller and a buyer, although they can also involve other subjects such as insurers, if there is a warranty and indemnity (W&I) insurance policy (and this provides for arbitration of the disputes arising thereunder).[15]

It is commonplace to say that the most common types of M&A disputes are post-closing disputes, concerning alleged breaches of the representations and warranties set out in the transaction agreement (typically, the SPA), alleged misrepresentations during the negotiations, or the adjustment of the purchase price in accordance with the mechanisms set out in the transaction agreement (for example, earn-out mechanisms).[19] Those disputes are typically fact-intensive, complex and can involve significant sums in dispute. Legal fees can therefore be significant and expert evidence may be required. The relief sought typically includes monetary damages (or the restitution of part or the whole price paid by the buyer), although it can also include other forms or relief, such as the rescission of the SPA.
 
In light of the foregoing, post-closing disputes are often suitable for TPF. The claimant may be inclined to use TPF to mitigate the financial burden of arbitrating the claim (particularly if, as it is often the case, it is the buyer, which has already paid significant amounts to the seller under the terms of the SPA). A funder may see a potentially rewarding investment in funding the claim. Furthermore, it is not uncommon for the parties to stipulate in the transaction agreement that the provisional purchase price will be paid into an escrow account.[20] In such a case, should, for instance, the buyer deem that the final purchase price is to be reduced (e.g., because new liabilities of the target company have arisen after the closing, which are covered by the representations and warranties), the buyer would be entitled to bring a claim against the seller and, if successful, satisfy its claim out of the amounts in escrow. The escrow mechanism facilitates the enforcement of price-related claims (including price adjustment claims) and, therefore, makes the enforcement of a possible award easier. This is also a factor that can encourage a funder to fund these kinds of claims.
 
There are other types of M&A disputes that may not be suitable to attract TPF. Apart from pre-closing disputes (which normally are resolved quickly and may not be suitable for a full-blown arbitration), another type of proceeding that often arises out of the transaction agreement is an expert determination proceeding.[21] Although the dividing line between arbitration and expert determination or appraisal can be blurred, it exists and entails important consequences. Expert determinations normally involve specific and technical questions rather than factual and legal disputes.[22] Most importantly, expert determinations are not considered to be awards and, therefore, are not enforceable under the United Nations Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards 1958.[23] This is one of the main reasons why a funder may not be as interested in financing expert determinations.
 
That said, the most frequent disputes that can arise out of an M&A transaction are suitable for TPF. To conclude, although they are not M&A arbitrations, investment arbitrations can also sometimes arise following M&A transactions, in relation to public measures adopted in respect of the target company or the buyer. For example, Ares and MetalGeo v. Georgia arose out of the declaration of invalidity of an SPA for the acquisition of a stake in a state-owned steel pipe manufacturing plant.[24] This kind of dispute (as with investment arbitrations in general) may also be suitable for TPF.
 
The second key actor is the funder. Commercial funders are typically public companies, private companies or private funds[27] (including high net worth individuals and family offices that fund cases). There is increasing liquidity in the TPF market with many institutional investors investing in the sector. The third key actor is the legal counsel advising and representing the claim holder.
 
The due diligence phase, which typically precedes the signing of the funding agreement, allows the funder to assess the value of the claim and the risks associated with it, allowing the funder to determine whether the case meets its risk profile and appetite and, if so, how much the rate of return should be, which will then be factored into the economics offered to the claim holder.
 
The due diligence process frequently entails a first level of review conducted by the funder internally (which can precede the non-binding offer of economic terms for funding the case, subject to further diligence and determination) and a second level of review, often with the advice of external counsel (which can precede an investment committee decision to fund the case and the preparation of the funding agreement).[32] Many funders ask to have an exclusivity period during the latter part of the due diligence phase (at least after they have offered indicative economic terms to fund the case) to avoid spending time and resources in circumstances where the claim holder then chooses to proceed with another funder.[33]
 
The funded amounts are typically determined in accordance with a case budget.[34] The funder may also agree to pay, or cause to be paid (such as with after-the-event insurance, or otherwise), adverse costs orders that might be issued against the claim holder, or to provide security for costs for the claim holder, if the tribunal so directs.
 
TPF is typically provided on a non-recourse basis, meaning that if the claim holder loses the case, no funds need to be paid to the funder (and there is usually no security or guarantees, other than security against the proceeds of a successful outcome, which can be effected in various ways depending on the applicable law or laws).
 
Each country has its own regulations (or lack thereof) when it comes to TPF and there are differences between the approach taken by some common law jurisdictions (as well as marked differences between respective common law jurisdictions) and some civil law jurisdictions. Given the multiplicity of legal and regulatory responses to TPF in jurisdictions around the world and the significant quantity of detailed assessments that have been carried out on jurisdiction and regionally specific bases, this chapter only briefly addresses high-level and indicative aspects of approaches to TPF in certain jurisdictions.
 
England and Wales now recognises TPF (and, indeed, many of the largest funders are prominent in the UK and London litigation markets) but does not subject it to a formal regulatory framework. Nevertheless, some degree of oversight of TPF and the role of funders can be evidenced in the jurisprudence. For instance, in the case of Excalibur Ventures LLC v. Texas Keystone, the Court of Appeal of England and Wales held that:
 
The position in Ireland is less favourable for TPF. In 2017, in the case of Persona Digital v. The Minister for Public Enterprise, the Irish Supreme Court held that TPF by an entity with no independent interest in the underlying proceedings in return for a share of the proceeds from litigation was prohibited under Irish law as contrary to the torts of maintenance and champerty.[42] Despite this ruling, it has been suggested that TPF in international arbitration may be permissible in Ireland since the case concerned litigation rather than arbitration,[43] albeit the point presently remains untested.
 
In the French legal system, TPF is largely unregulated and has only been addressed by arbitral bodies, including the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) International Court of Arbitration, and other non-legislative authorities such as the National Bar Council and the Paris Bar.[70] In general, TPF is considered not to be prohibited, a view supported by a 2006 decision of the Court of Appeal of Versailles.[71] Of relevance is a 21 February 2017 resolution adopted by the Paris Bar Council on the practice of TPF in international arbitration,[72] which addresses the professional and ethical obligations for lawyers in cases involving TPF.
 
The same holds true for Switzerland, where TPF is neither specifically regulated nor prohibited.[76] In this regard, commentators often refer to a 10 December 2004 decision of the Federal Supreme Court, which set aside a draft law proposed by the Cantonal Counci